Add a doc for multi project configuration (#2138)
google/knative-gcp: docs/install/managing-multiple-projects.md

# Managing Multiple Projects

A general Knative-GCP installation configures three identities (represents as Google service accounts) on your project.

1. Identity for the Control Plane.
2. Identity for the GCP Broker.
3. Identity for the Source. (This is the default identity for the Source.
Users can use this identity for multiple Source custom objects,
or create additional identities in the form of Google service accounts for different Source custom objects,

> to achieve more fine-grained configurations)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
to achieve more fine-grained configurations).
```

In general Knative-GCP installation guide, each Knative-GCP component consumes/creates Google Cloud resources within the scope of the project
(the project where the kubernetes cluster contained your Knative-GCP components resides). For example, if your kubernetes cluster is in Project A, and

> you apply StorageSource in this kubernetes cluster, it will create a Google Cloud Storage Bucket, a Google Cloud PubSub Topic, and a Google Cloud PubSub Subscription,

Reviewer 2: s/kubernetes/Kubernetes

> (the project where the kubernetes cluster contained your Knative-GCP components resides). For example, if your kubernetes cluster is in Project A, and
> you apply StorageSource in this kubernetes cluster, it will create a Google Cloud Storage Bucket, a Google Cloud PubSub Topic, and a Google Cloud PubSub Subscription,
> all belong to Project A.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
(the project where the kubernetes cluster containing your Knative-GCP components resides). For example, if your kubernetes cluster is in Project A, and
you apply [CloudStorageSource](../examples/cloudstoragesource) in this kubernetes cluster, then the Google Cloud Storage Notification, Google Cloud PubSub Topic, and Google Cloud PubSub Subscription will be created in Project A.
```

Author: Oh! Thanks for stopping me from making this ridiculous mistake for the Storage Source. I have no idea about why I wrote bucket not notification here :(

> This topic explains how to set-up Knative GCP configuration to create Sources which consume/create Google Cloud resources from other projects.

Reviewer 2: s/topic/guide

> Here we use PubSubSource as an example.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Here we use CloudPubSubSource as an example.
```

> The following names are representing:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We will use the following values as examples, you should replace them with the appropriate values for your project when running the example commands:
```

It might be worthwhile doing these as shell variables instead, something like:

```
# Cluster project is the GCP project that the Kubernetes cluster is running in.
export CLUSTER_PROJECT=project-a

# Source project is the GCP project that the source is reading information from.
export SOURCE_PROJECT=project-b

# Control plane GSA is the GSA that is being used by the control plane. Note that it is normally in the CLUSTER_PROJECT.
export CONTROL_PLANE_GSA="events-controller-gsa@$CLUSTER_PROJECT.iam.gserviceaccount.com"

# Source data plane GSA is the GSA that is used when reading from the source's PullSubscription. Note that it is normally in the SOURCE_PROJECT.
export SOURCE_DATA_PLANE_GSA="your-gsa@$SOURCE_PROJECT.iam.gserviceaccount.com"
```

Then the command below use the shell variables, rather than the example values.

* `project-a`: Project (project where all Knative-GCP system resides)

* `events-controller-gsa@project-a.iam.gserviceaccount.com`: Control-plane GSA (which is used for the control plane)

* `project-b`: Project (project where your topic and subscription resides)

* `your-gsa@project-b.iam.gserviceaccount.com`: Source Data-Plane GSA (which is used in your namespace where your PubSubSource resides)

> In order to make your PubSubSource in Project A' cluster to consume Google PubSub resource in Project B:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In order to make your PubSubSource in Project A's cluster consume Google PubSub resources in Project B:
```

1. Control Plane GSA `events-controller-gsa@project-a.iam.gserviceaccount.com` needs `pubsub.editor` role for `project-b`
    ```
    gcloud projects add-iam-policy-binding project-b
    --member=serviceAccount:events-controller-gsa@project-a.iam.gserviceaccount.com
    --role roles/pubsub.editor
    ```
    ***Note:*** To create different Google Cloud Resource, the Control Plane needs different permissions.
    Refer to [Manually Configure Authentication Mechanism for the Control Plane](./authentication-mechanisms-gcp.md/#authentication-mechanism-for-the-control-plane)

>     for specific roles(a set of permissions) needed to create each Source.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    for specific roles (a set of permissions) needed to create each Source.
```

1. Source Data-plane GSA `your-gsa@project-b.iam.gserviceaccount.com` needs `pubsub.editor` role for `project-b`

    ```
    gcloud projects add-iam-policy-binding project-b
    --member=serviceAccount:your-gsa@project-b.iam.gserviceaccount.com
    --role roles/pubsub.editor
    ```
   ***Note:*** Source Data Plane only pulls subscription from Cloud PubSub Subscription, thus,
   no matter which Cloud Source you are creating, this GSA only needs `roles/pubsub.editor` role.
   Refer to [Installing a Service Account for the Data Plane](../install/dataplane-service-account.md)

>    for specific roles(a set of permissions) needed if you also want metrics and tracing for your Source.

Reviewer: Include the metrics and tracing permissions here. I'm almost certain people will want those once they are up and running and it would be annoying to find out later, when they need those metrics for some reason, that the permissions are lacking.

1. Configure credentials in the kubernetes cluster. You can either use:
    1. Workload Identity

>         1. Create a Kubernetes Service Account `ksa-name` in the same namespace where the PubSubSource will reside.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        1. Create a Kubernetes Service Account `ksa-name` in the same namespace where the PubSubSource will reside.
```

If you use the shell variable idea earlier, make this a shell variable. 

In any case, tell users that they can choose any KSA name they want, `ksa-name` is just an example value.

            ```

>             kubectl create service account ksa-name -n namespace

Reviewer: `namespace` should probably also be described as 'replace with the namespace you want the source to run in' or something similar.

            ```
        2. Source Data-plane GSA `your-gsa@project-b.iam.gserviceaccount.com` needs workload identity binding.
            ```
            gcloud iam service-accounts add-iam-policy-binding your-gsa@project-b.iam.gserviceaccount.com
            --role "roles/iam.workloadIdentityUser"
            --member "serviceAccount:project-a.svc.id.goog[namespace/ksa-name]”
            ```

>         3. Kubernetes Service Account `ksa-name` needs annotation

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        3. Kubernetes Service Account `ksa-name` needs the workload identity annotation.
```

            ```
            kubectl annotate serviceaccount ksa-name \
            iam.gke.io/gcp-service-account=your-gsa@project-b.iam.gserviceaccount.com
            ```
    1. or Exporting Service Account Keys And Store Them as Kubernetes Secret
       1. Download a new JSON private key for Source Data-plane GSA `your-gsa@project-b.iam.gserviceaccount.com`

          ```shell
          gcloud iam service-accounts keys create events-sources-key.json \
            --iam-account=your-gsa@project-b.iam.gserviceaccount.com
          ```

       1. Create a secret on the Kubernetes cluster with the downloaded key. Remember

>           to create the secret in the namespace your resources will reside.

Reviewer 2: Not sure what "resource" means here. We can use `project-a` or `project-b` instead.

          ```shell

>           kubectl --namespace default create secret generic google-cloud-key --from-file=key.json=events-sources-key.json

Reviewer: This has a different namespace than the WI example. I recommend using a shell variable. But even if we don't, the two examples should use the same namespace.

          ```

          `google-cloud-key` and `key.json` are default values expected by our
          resources.

> 1. Following [CloudPubSubSource](../examples/cloudpubsubsource/README.md) example to create your PubSubSource.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Follow the [CloudPubSubSource](../examples/cloudpubsubsource/README.md) example to create your CloudPubSubSource.
```

        ```
   ***Note:*** Source Data Plane only pulls subscription from Cloud PubSub Subscription, thus,
   no matter which CloudSource you create, the permissions needed are the same.

1. Configure credentials in the Kubernetes cluster. You can either use:
    1. Workload Identity
        1. Create a Kubernetes Service Account `KSA_NAME` in the same namespace where the CloudPubSubSource will reside.
            ```
            kubectl create service account $KSA_NAME -n $NAMESPACE
            ```
        2. Source Data Plane GSA `SOURCE_DATA_PLANE_GSA` needs workload identity binding.
            ```
            gcloud iam service-accounts add-iam-policy-binding $SOURCE_DATA_PLANE_GSA
            --role "roles/iam.workloadIdentityUser"
            --member "serviceAccount:$CLUSTER_PROJECT.svc.id.goog[$NAMESPACE/$KSA_NAME]”
            ```
        3. Kubernetes Service Account `KSA_NAME` needs the workload identity annotation
            ```
            kubectl annotate serviceaccount $KSA_NAME \
            iam.gke.io/gcp-service-account=$SOURCE_DATA_PLANE_GSA
            ```
    1. or Exporting Service Account Keys And Store Them as Kubernetes Secret

>        1. Download a new JSON private key for Source Data Plane GSA `your-gsa@project-b.iam.gserviceaccount.com`

Reviewer 2: s/project-b/${SOURCE_PROJECT}
